

PROJECT NAME: ft_debut


1.	In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How
	would you describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

	42 is a non-profit organization. It offers resources and the best as well
	as the most modern of environments and techniques for learning software
	engineering & computer programming. Individuals are selected based off of
	merit.


2. 	Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

	Perhaps because one of the key skills of a problem solver is to be able
	to figure out and puzzle together things even when little to any information
	and direction is given.


3. 	What are the core 42 principles?

	42 promotes learning how to learn and the development of soft skills,
	as well as problem solving, software engineering and computer programming
	skills.


4. 	If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do
	you really think it’s worth their time?

	Yes, because the piscine is about more than just coding. The piscine is
	about character, will, determination, perseverance, work ethic, discipline
	communication skills and a lot more. It will bring out the true nature and
	character of someone and will allow one to see who they actually are. As
	for the coding it can and will be learned throughout the piscine and the
	progress will be more or less evident with the exams.


5. 	What makes 42 unique?

	Aspects about 42 that make it unique:

		-	its gamified project based curriculum
		-	the fact that learning is self-managed
		-	its peer-to-peer correction system
		-	the fact that it actually is tuition free with no strings attached


6. 	What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

	Self-management, how to learn anything efficiently and the art of problem
	solving.


7. 	Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the
	problem	for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps
	would be?

	while (True):
		Take a break from it.
		Try again.
		Learn more about it and things that it involves and is related to.
		Try again.
		Talk about it with others.
		Try again.


8. 	How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a
	daily basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine
	pressure and strict deadlines?

	My personal ambitions take care of that.


9.	If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website,
	but they do not offer job placement, what would you say?

	Internships give students real professional experience which is important
	for one's development but at the same time it doesn’t bind one to a single
	position, it allows one to experience something new and then pivot to other
	things. It gives students the ups of having a job without the down side of
	having to stay stuck in one.


10.	How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a
	certain level before leaving on an internship or can you validate it
	anytime you find one?

	I believe it is mandatory to reach a certain level before leaving.


11.	How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

	By placing you in an environnement of constant struggle and adaptation and
	an environnement where you have to constantly learn to get through each and
	every problem and obstacle. Also by forcing real world interactions with
	people through peer evaluations and group projects.
